ReadableStream supports for-await-of: minimal doc (#24310)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/symbol/asynciterator/index.md

### Built-in async iterables

> [`ReadableStream`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ReadableStream) is the only built-in JavaScript object that has the `[Symbol.asyncIterator]` key set by default (at time of writing).

Author: > > We should also update https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols#the_async_iterator_and_async_iterable_protocols and https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Symbol/asyncIterator, where it claims that there's currently no built-in async iterable.

@Josh-Cena Done. Once a few more appear this should become a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`ReadableStream`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ReadableStream) is the only built-in JavaScript object that has the `@@asyncIterator` method set by default at the time of writing.
```

Author: FWIW I quite like backets here. It catches the eye, which can be important for readers in future, when this might fall out of date.

### Built-in async iterables

> The built-in JavaScript objects that have the `[Symbol.asyncIterator]` key set by default are:
> 
> - [`ReadableStream`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ReadableStream)

Author: ```suggestion
[`ReadableStream`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ReadableStream) is the only built-in JavaScript object that has the `[Symbol.asyncIterator]` key set by default (at time of writing).
```
